C195 Advanced Java Concepts Project/Purpose of this application is to create and maintain a database of customers and appointments.

Peter J Chouinard, pchoui2@WGU.edu, 774-289-3322, Version 1.1, 05-15-2021

IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition 2020.2.3 x 64
jdk-11.0.9_windows-x64
openjfx-11.0.2_windows-x64

Directions:
At start up the program will prompt the user to log in. If given a correct password and username the next window will appear.
The window after login is called the Main Scene through the program and is where you can create/delete/update customers. To
create a customer simple fill in the form and click on the add button. To update a customer click on the customer you want to update
in the table view below and than change whatever info you want and click on the update button when you are finished. If you wish to
delete a customer select the customer you wish to delete from the table view and then click on the delete button. Their is a clear form
button as well if you wish to start over. From the main scene you can click on the appointments button and you will go into the appointment
scene. In the appointment scene you can create/delete/update app6ointments. To create an appointment fill in the form and click on the add
button. To update an appointment click on the appointment in the table view you would like to update. Make the changes in the form and
click on the update button. Note: if you choose to select a customer from the customer combo box and than click on an appointment from
the table view. You will have to click on the appointment twice as the first click will clear the customer combo box unselecting the
appointment from the table. If you want to delete an appointment click on the appointment you wish to delete in the table view and
then click on the delete button. There are a few buttons in this scene that sort the table view. You have the option to sort by month
and week. It will also sort the table when you select a customer in the combo box to show you only the appointments from that customer.
You also have a clear form button and a reset appointment id button. The clear form clears all selections in the form the reset id button
clears the appointment id only. The main menu button will bring you back to the main scene. In the main scene you can click on the reports button
to go to the report menu. Here you can click on total appointments by type and month or use either of the combo boxes to see appointments by
contacts or location. There is also a main menu button that will return you to the main scene.

The additional report I ran is a report that shows all appointments by a selected location.

mysql-connector-java-8.0.23

Location of two Lambda expressions: Inside the Appointment Controller in my filterTableByCustomer and filterTableByMonth methods.